dlb: add how to use (#33818)
envoyproxy/envoy: docs/root/configuration/other_features/dlb.rst

- register each eventfd to corresponding customer and DLB hardware

When new connections come, one worker thread will accept it and send it to DLB hardware. DLB hardware
does balancing then trigger one worker thread to receive via libevent.

Installing DLB
--------------

You can download the DLB driver release tarball from the `DLB website <https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/download/686372/intel-dynamic-load-balancer.html>`_. To install it refer to `the getting started guide <https://downloadmirror.intel.com/727424/DLB_Driver_User_Guide.pdf>`_.

Using DLB
---------

With the following configuration Envoy listens on port 10000 and proxies to an upstream server listening on port 12000.

.. literalinclude:: _include/dlb_example_config.yaml
 :language: yaml
 :lines: 1-45
 :lineno-start: 1
 :linenos:
 :caption: :download:`dlb_example_config.yaml <_include/dlb_example_config.yaml>`

Run the upstream service:

.. code-block:: console

 $ docker run -d -p 12000:80 nginx

Run Envoy with DLB connection balancer enabled:

.. code-block:: console

 $ ./envoy --concurrency 2 -c dlb_example_config.yaml

> Test:

Reviewer: not sure we need this section at all - this kinda instruction would be more suited to sandbox/examples - here we are just showing the necessary/minimum configuration to make it work

Author: For the "upstream" part and "test" part, I put those here since CI do not have DLB device and cannot run this feature, so I do not put those to sandbox/examples.

My goal is to make an complete example to users, if possible, maybe do not do verify, I can move those to examples, which is more suitable.

Reviewer: yeah - this section of docs is meant just as config reference rather than e2e example - given lack of platform support i would be ok with adding a sandbox without the verify.sh in this case

Author: I have updated, please review.

When new connections come, one worker thread will accept it and send it to Dlb hardware. Dlb hardware
does balancing then trigger one worker thread to receive via libevent.

> Installing Dlb

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Installing DLB
```

same throughout and any existing usage of this acronym

based on https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/download/686372/intel-dynamic-load-balancer.html i think this should be spelt as an acronym

--------------

> Download DLB driver release tarball from `dlb website <https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/download/686372/intel-dynamic-load-balancer.html>`_, then install it refer to `the getting started guide <https://downloadmirror.intel.com/727424/DLB_Driver_User_Guide.pdf>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can download the DLB driver release tarball from `dlb website <https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/download/686372/intel-dynamic-load-balancer.html>`_. To install it refer to `the getting started guide <https://downloadmirror.intel.com/727424/DLB_Driver_User_Guide.pdf>`_.
```

Using Dlb
---------

> Create a config file named `dlb-config.yaml` to make Envoy listen 10000 port as proxy, the upstream server listens 12000 port.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the following configuration Envoy listens on port 10000 and proxies to an upstream server listening on port 12000.
```

.. literalinclude:: _include/dlb_example_config.yaml

>  :language: yaml

Reviewer: could you add `linenos`, `lineno-start` and a caption with download link please

for existing examples you can do something like `git grep lineno-start docs/`

Run the upstream service:

> .. code-block:: bash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. code-block:: console
```

same elsewhere - `bash` is for script files

 $ docker run -d -p 12000:80 nginx

Run Envoy with dlb enabled:

.. code-block:: bash

>  $ ./envoy --concurrency 2 -c dlb-config.yaml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 $ ./envoy --concurrency 2 -c dlb_example_config.yaml
```

rather keep the name of the example file so it can be downloaded and run without any change

Test:

.. code-block:: bash

 $ curl localhost:10000

> You should get output from Nginx like below:

Reviewer: this is the first mention of nginx - i think really we dont want this - we _could_ do this in a sandbox/example - but for these docs we just want to document envoy's behaviour

Author: Sure, I will only keep the test command.
